Script; F4M 
Girlfriend visits you in hospital; (*title can be changed to better suit script*)
Dale Garrett (Dale Garrett Gaming) 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Speaker; (quietly, talking to doctor outside room)
Hi, i'm his girlfriend, no, he doesn't have anyone else to call, they're out of state
he stayed behind to study and pet sit, we were supposed to be doing it together
 but i got a call and came straight here, what happened??

Speaker (worried)
he.. he was passed out in the living room, and his neighbor saw him? oh no
Speaker; (concerned)
 is he awake? can i go see him? 

(relieved)
he is, oh that's a relief, thank you, thank you so much!!

Speaker (to listener)
heyy baby, no, no no, stay led down, the doctor said you may be a little faint, do you know what happened?

(worried)
you, you were moving furniture around so we could build a pillow fort? 
and you started feeling fuzzy? 

babe, you should've waited, you know you weren't supposed to overdo things at the moment, it wasn't that long ago that you were at the doctors
because of your dizzy spells.

did it start with a dizzy spell like you had a few months ago? 
it did, ohh baby, i'm sorry, but i'm here now and the doctors tell me your vitals are looking good, they think they can discharge you tomorrow afternoon.

no, no, the doctor told me your neighbor would check in on the cats tonight, you don't worry about them tonight, okay? 

(mildly concerned) the doctor told me you refused to give them your mom's number when you came around.

no, no, no, shhh, it's okay, i haven't called her, yet, i wanted to talk to you and the doctor  before i made any calls
but honey, you know your mother is going to be worried sick if neither of us check in  tonight, right?

(speaker leans on listeners bed and rests head on listeners chest)
you know baby, your chest is real comfortable right now, why don't you get some rest, i'll be here, and when you fall asleep, i'll go find myself something for dinner
and give your mom a call to check in.
i know you don't want to tell her, but if neither of us check in and let her know we're good, she's going to worry and start calling both of us simultaneously
you know what she's like, you might be my babe, but you're her baby.

don't argue with me babe, if you won't call tell her, i will, she has to know, i'll just tell her you didn't feel great and got bought in for overnight monitoring
we can tell her more tomorrow, sound good? 
it does, good, besides, it's not like we have any real answers we can tell your mom yet anyway, i'll call her when you fall asleep and check in,
you know we have a way with each other


(speaker sits on edge of listeners bed and leans backwards)

wow babe, i think this bed is comfier than  yours, and look at all the pillows, i am staying right here with you!! 

what, no? the doctor said it was fine, i mean, they probably thought i meant that chair in the corner that looks almost as comfortable as your bed at home
no no no, i'm staying right here until you fall asleep, then i'll go call your mom and check in to save us both an onslaught of phone calls all night, then i'll come back
hold you close and be here when you wake up, trust me, you won't even know i'm gone.

(forcibly);
BABE, no!! don't argue with me,  you need rest, even if i have to brush your hair while on the phone to your mom in here!
 now, lay still, close your eyes, and let me hold you for a bit.

Speaker; (calmly)
can i see a smile before you fall asleep? come on, just because you're in  hospital, and i'm worried about you,
 doesn't mean you can't smile for me  at least once before you close those pretty eyes of yours

(speaker; giggling)
awehh there we go, you do have a lovely smile baby, now close your eyes, i'm just going to put my head on your shoulder so you can't leave this super comfortable bed
and i'll brush your hair and hum to  you, if you want?

Speaker; (excitedly)
yay!! 

Speaker; (hushed)
whoops, i know, a little too excited, i just love how smooth your hair is, how it glides through my fingers when i brush it, it always makes me feel calmer
and i know it helps you fall asleep easier when i do it
now stop talking, as much as i love when you mumble my name in your sleep, you actually need to be asleep first, okey? 

Speaker (humming and brushing listeners hair, gradually fading out as listener drifts off to sleep)

Speaker (whispering)
hmm, he's asleep, that was much quicker than i expected... he must be more exhausted than he felt,
 i should go get a sandwich from the cafeteria and give his mom a call before she starts calling.

Speaker (soft whisper)
i'll be back before you wake up, you won't even know i was gone, and tomorrow, when the doctors discharge you, you are not leaving that bed of yours at home
i will build that pillow fort around you and we'll watch movies on my laptop in bed with the fort all around us. 

oh, and for the record, it was an incredibly sweet gesture, you're adorable, sweet dreams, my sweet fluffy.