Script; F4M
GF finds out bf is a vampire (confessions, stories, comforting); 
Dale Garrett (Dale Garrett Gaming) 


(speaker, see's listener trembling in front of the fireplace)

Speaker;
baby, what are you doing? why is the fire lit? 

Speaker;
babe? you okay? look at me.. 
you're pale, paler than normal

Speaker; (concerned)
are you feeling okay? sweetie, you don't look well
(places hand on listeners forehead)

you're cold, baby, you're ice cold, are you feeling okay?

(listener pushes speaker away)

Speaker;
He-hey, baby, what was that for?
why did you push me away?

(listener opens mouth to talk)
((listener quickly covers mouth))
Speaker; (concerned and confused)

baby....  what was that? 

(listener, muffled)

Speaker;
Don't lie to me honey, i saw it, the paler than normal skin, you're  icy to the touch
you... you're.. a vampire, aren't you? 
(speaker tries to hug listener)

((listener pushes speaker back, harder than before))

Speaker; (hugging again) (comfortingly)
it's okay, i have something you need to know as well
(listener breaks free, leaps up and runs toward the door)
ugh, baby, come on, you don't need to be scared, you won't hurt me, i know you

(listener struggling to open door)

Speaker; (reaching into dressing gown pocket and pulling out a needle, hidden from listeners view)
baby, you need to trust me, just breathe okay, come here, come on, you know that door is locked, i took the key out before i found  you

(listener, slowly slipping to the floor)

Speaker;
babe, you have to trust me, you won't hurt me, i'm going to put my arms around you now, okay? there you go

(Speaker slips needle into listeners neck)

Speaker;
shh sh shhhh, it's okay, i won't hurt you, it's just to relax you a little, shhh

(listener slumps into speakers arms)

(Speaker carries listener to sofa)
((some time passes, listener stirs, mumbling)
Speaker;
baby, you're waking up, finely, relax, shhh, shhh, i told you, i wasn't going to hurt you, i had to inject you, i needed you to relax
i know, i know you're handcuffed right now, it's not for me, i needed you unable to move, you're weak, it's okay though, i know what you need, but first, you need to listen to me

(listener tries to sit up)

Speaker;
No, no no no, baby, relax, just breathe for me, you need to stay led down, at least for now. 
i.. i'm a hunter
(listener becomes agitated)
baby relax, (speaker places hands on listeners shoulders, holding listener down)
baby, trust me, i know how it sounds, i'm a hunter, you're a vampire, but you need to understand something..
during my training, i saw how hunters brutally ambushed and tortured all kinds of creatures
(listener becomes more agitated)
no, noo, listen baby, please, i don't want  to have to sedate you again, just breathe, listen to my voice, okay baby?
good boy, just, listen, please baby
you don't need to be scared, let me finish, the other hunters, they're savages, my great, great, great grandparents, were the first hunters
they respected the other creatures, they showed restraint, and mercy.. (speaker becomes saddened)
they taught their children, and their children taught their children,  this training continued through the ages, my parents taught me the way to hunt without the savage tactics.
when i saw the training  other hunters were getting, i was disgusted, so, i turned my back on them, i left the order, vowed to protect the creatures i was once trained to hunt, using the skills my parents taught me
baby, i told you, you can't hurt me, and i need you to know, i won't hurt you either, i know you, you're kind, loving, and above all, you're the most caring, selfless person i have ever met
vampires, werewolves, even the ice witches 
(listener recoils in shock)
baby, it's okay, i've known about the witches for some time, i was worried, you were sneaking out in the night, i had to know, i would've just asked you, but i knew you'd be scared to talk to me
i know, i know you've been going to the ice witches, i know they've been feeding you, but... you haven't gone anywhere  since last month,  tell me, whe-when did you last feed?

(listener, breathing rapidly, tears forming)
Speaker;
baby, shh, it's okay, did you stop going to see the witches because of me? did you not know i was following from a distance? 
yo-you thought i was a hunter tracking you? oh baby, i'm sorry, i'm so sorry, i should've just told you sooner, to be honest, i didn't know, not for sure
in fact, it wasn't until tonight, when i saw your fangs, that i knew. i knew then, i needed to tell you the truth, about me, about me knowing you're a vampire.
it's okay though, i'm going to help you
while you were out, sorry, about that, again, you were agitated really bad, i needed you to relax so we could talk
i.. i called one of my old contacts, it's okay, i trust her, we trained under my parents together, she's like me, she's going to bring me what you need, but i need you to trust me
i need you to trust her, and please, don't be angry at her, you hid being a vampire really well, shockingly well, you show great restraint with feeding,  you don't feed on people like other vampires

((faint knock at door)

Speaker;
hold that thought sweetie, just, just stay here, promise me you won't try and move
good boy, wait here, i'll go let her in.

(speaker, in the other room)
Speaker;
thank you for coming, you've got what i asked for?

(loud thud in other room)

Speaker;
Shit Shit Shit, come on
(Speaker, rushes back to listener and spots listener on the floor)
baby you promised you wouldn't try and move, come on, lets get you led back down on the sofa,
shh, it's okay (brushes listeners forehead) you're getting worse baby, you need to save your energy
otherwise you won't have enough to feed.
(looking to friend)
thank you, he's getting worse
(listener see's speakers friend)
((listener begins to panic))
Speaker (holding listener down)
baby, i told, it's okay, you need to trust me, she's a friend, she's here to help you
ugh, i guess i should've told you about her before she arrived, i'm sorry
you know her as your best friend, she got us together, but you have to know, neither of us knew you were a vampire
i told her you'd been sneaking out at night and that you hadn't left the house in a month, she agreed to be there, day or night, any time, to help, that's why she's here
she didn't want to tell you, and make you feel betrayed, you've known each other for years, before you knew me, she never suspected a thing

(listener, becoming calmer, trying to hug speaker)
Speaker;
baby, hold on, okay, just wait, let me get these cuffs off you first, okay?
(removes cuffs)
there,  shh, it's okay, there you go (hugs listener)
i know this is a lot right now, rene is going to give you some blood, but you need to promise to drink it slowly, she bought it down from the witches for you
but since you haven't fed in a month, the first few sips are going to hit hard, harder than when you had your first taste, promise me, take it slowly, show the same restraint you've shown towards humans

(rene pours a small glass of blood and hands it to speaker)
((speaker holds back of listeners head, slowly raising the glass to listeners lips))
(((listener pushes glass away)))
Speaker;
he-heyy, baby, it's okay, i need you to trust us now, we're trying to help you, just, relax, the sooner you get some blood you, the comfier you'll feel
you haven't fed in a month, you must be in pain, you didn't even notice the cut on your side when you fell, your hunger pains are so bad  you didn't notice the pain in your side
but you have to trust me, we'll patch that up once you've fed, now take a sip, then you can decide if you want sedating while we patch this up, or if you want to stay awake and i'll tell you everything

(listener takes a small, cautious sip)
speaker;
shh, there you go, 
now, rene is like me, we trained together, like i said, we saw the same savage methods other hunters employed to hunt their prey,
 we both believe vampires aren't the monsters
your kind,  your kind has been around long before us hunters, most of you were peaceful, but there was one vampire, who found a way to walk in sunlight without consequence, but, this vampire was also part wolf, centuries ago, the people felt this combination too dangerous, and so, my great, great, great grandparents formed the order, a small group consisting of lawmen and doctors, their one goal was to maintain peace between vampires, wolves and humans, but they had to put this lycan vampire hybrid down
(listener, trembling)
baby, what is  it?? why are you trembling?
(listener passes out, almost dropping the glass)
((rene catches glass before it hit's the floor, not spilling a drop))
Speaker;
i see your reflexes are still superior, thank you for catching that, i wonder, did i.. did i say something? 
did something cause him to faint like this? could.. do you think..
(rene interrupts)
you're right, now isn't the time, i should patch him up while he's out, i know you agreed to be here, but, i think i need you to do something for me
will, will you go to the orders secret temple across town? i need you to check the records, i wonder if he is related to the vampire lycan hybrid, i thought they were extinct.. bu
but i haven't seen a reaction to a story like this since we helped rescue that werewolf from hunters a few years ago, he had a similar reaction, wasn't he a hybrid too?

Speaker;
he.. he was? curious, could it be, my vampire boyfriend, isn't just a vampire? could this be how he's managed to go so long without feeding, you must hurry, i'll patch him up and stay with him, i'll keep him fed. you go check the records, see if he's a descendant, perhaps he has a brother and either doesn't know, or, doesn't remember, my mother told me once that hybrids were often seperated to hide them, but, there hasn't been a hybrid in years, but these two must be similar ages, see if you can't locate our wolf too? thank you, rene, i owe you one

(speaker hugs rene)

Speaker (returning to listener)
((singing lullaby softly while stitching listener))
(((shushing between verses)))
shh, it's okay baby, i'll take care of you, just rest, when you wake up, i'll be here, i'll give you some more blood, and i'll keep you safe while you regain your strength

(((***lullaby humming fades out***)))
