Yandere expresses her true feelings: by kodey
=================================
<rustling sounds as self insert awakens>

I can see your eyes twitching, I know you're waking up!

<pause>

That's it darling, no hurry, you're safe with me now!

<response>

What do you mean, where are you? You're with me now! You're my beloved, and now, I'm yours!

<struggling noises>

<Sigh>

There's no point struggling, you know, you can't get free... if I wanted to hurt you it would have been something worse in your hot chocolate yesterday. No point screaming either.

<short response>

What do you mean, why? Isn't it obvious?
Don't yell at me, my soft heart can't take that kind of treatment! I'll have to gag you if you don't calm down. Don't say anything we'll both regret.

<Sigh>

Darling, you don't understand yet, I know you don't. I can tell by those words you spit out at me.
I can't be lonely anymore, and I won't let you be lonely anymore. I did what I had to, for you, for me, for each other.

<short pause>

Darling, stop that awful behavior. Let me explain.

My entire life, it's been one loveless, friendless, abusive, horrible nightmare- I don't have any family, none that I want to see or, even think about... 
all horrible... 
those dark nights in that... horrible place, nobody to love me, crying... crying out every night for someone, something to save me... to give me a future... to love me...

<short pause>

I can see that inside you, it's why I chose you- I see the bags under your eyes, the hurt in your soul- you were trying to play it cool but I know you are terrified of being rejected by life like that too.

<short response>

I told you, I can see it!
I never got much love from my family, and I could never really make any friends... I didn't understand the unwritten rules, they didn't share my... targeted interests. At some points I had one friend, but I would flood all my desire for attention on them- and they'd get tired of and leave me after a while, and I couldn't chase them down again.. but I never wanted friends, you know?? I wanted something far deeper...

<response>

I don't know, maybe they had some, diagnosis like that for me, back then, I know I'm not normal, but who would ever want to be normal when those assholes run around out there?

<pause, self-hug as though flustered>

I wanted something... deeper... I have a heart of gold, you know?? I just want my beloved to be happy, I'm going to be the best girlfriend ever, so I know they'll be happiest with me!
I – I don't know why, darling, but everyone left me... no matter how much I tried and fought, no matter how much it crushed me inside, I would beg and plead for them to stay and let me fix what I did wrong... nobody ever stayed with me. I can't take it, darling, you know?

Just because sometimes I get a little, sad... or maybe a little, angry- they go and leave me! Leave me behind in the dirt, like I'm not worthy of love like that! It.. it crushes my soul, darling. It says to me that it will keep happening, and that I'm so... powerless... Alone and with no future.

I... I look at you, I know you've felt these pains. Maybe it doesn't hurt quite so much for you, but to me, my soul is being tortured.
I always ask what I did wrong, and say I'll fix it- they always have the same bullshit for me. It's nothing, I didn't do anything wrong, they've just been more busy with school and work and all. They cant find time to send me more than one reply a week.
Me seeing that happen, over and over, right in front of me... the most beautiful, succulent food hanging in front of me starving, willing to do absolutely anything and not being able to...

<Emotional tear-y sniff>

It- it's horrible, darling, that slow, gradual abandonment that happens every time? When they feel bad knowing they're leaving that, clingy needy damaged girl, but they still go... All those beloveds, they're just these bloody scars on my heart, their names still echo in my soul...

I stopped looking for love, that thing I wanted most of all, my dream for life, because it just hurt too damn much every time- to be dropped without knowing what I ever did wrong, not knowing how to fix it... how to fix myself, my broken self...

I stopped looking, whenever someone was being sweet to me and I felt like they might like me, I'd hesitate on doing anything- I'd just think to myself about, just, how much I hate myself for letting all those lovers go, for being damaged like this... that they probably were just being nice to a pitiful loser like me, that I was just being wishful about someone who looked attractive, sweet, kind... like I could.. lay my head on their chest, feel their hands brush my hair... have them ask me “who did this to you?”, say they love me- and actually mean it, someday...

I found you, darling. I have you.

<short response>

I know I'm a Yandere, darling!

<long response>

You're still thinking of those fictional cartoons, where a cute girl kills dozens for her beloved? You know, Anime didn't invent Yandere, dear. It goes back as far as storytelling does. 

<short response>

Yeah, to the Sumerians.

<response>

Do you even know WHY we kidnap like this?
Why I had to take you?

<response>

There's something about me... I don't know what it is, but it makes everyone run away from me. I put all this time and heartbreak into making them stay... and nothing ever worked.
I know I have pure intentions. 
I come home from work and cry the whole trip home, knowing I'll come home to a cold, empty, lonely home- cook for an hour for myself, eat, and then it's already dark- watch a show by myself, go for a night walk to see all the couples in the pubs with jealousy, and maybe pleasure myself, trying to feel like I have someone- at bedtime, hold my daki and pretend I have my beloved, for another day of this soul crushing misery...

Only thing I have lived for...these thoughts- thoughts I hold onto-
I have-  someone- someone to come home to, they've made dinner and hot chocolate or tea, there to listen to me about my day... and eat together, we can snuggle up and feel each other's heartbeat, smell our, mm, scents... watch a show together, and sleep all snuggled up tight- I can hear their soft, tender breathing sounds, heartbeat, feel their warmth radiating out, filling my soul...

Darling, I just want that, to be finally complete!!

<Sigh>

I can't get there, everyone leaves me before I can truly show them what a great girlfriend I can be, they run and I can't stop them.
Then, I saw you.

I know you've felt some of these horrible things, but I did my best to hide what's wrong with me from you, to see if I could save you from this awful hurting.
I think you started to see. I think you saw in my heart, just how bad my life before you was. The memory of that pain will make me do anything, because to go back to that, I'm in hell, darling.

<shiver>

I can't let you run away, for your own sake. 

There's some pain in your heart too- I want to cure it, darling. I want to be that wonderful girl who heals your soul, stays by your side, and makes you feel complete. Other bitches and studs won't give that to you, or just use you... so many girls used me for money, so many boys used me for their depraved deisres- none of that here. You're my pillow, but my pillow gets to feel cherished and kissed every night.

<Kiss>

Don't cry like that, darling, it makes me hurt... I don't like seeing you sad, you know.

<hair brushing on self-insert>

Hey... it's ok to be scared, and I know that drugging and kidnapping you was wrong. I know that.

I think in order to do good things, we need to do some bad, some harm... and if you see me as a horrible crazy bitch for a while, I can't stop you.
But soon, you'll learn to love me, darling, you really will. I've seen your messages, I've seen how nurturing and caring you really are, you just want everyone to be happy- it made me love you even more.

<response>

No, I'm not going to force you to do anything like that! I think you might be, you know, into that- but I'm not going to abuse my beloved!! Only once you love me too, and that makes it feel so much better you know.
I can be patient, darling. The longest wait while I'm caring for you, is still better than a moment without you again.

<contented hum>

<response>

Eventually you'll be free, who's going to make that wonderful food and hot chocolate for us every night?! I would gladly care for you forever, but I'm not wonder woman you know!
If you don't mind it, you could work and I could stay home... your work won't be missing you for a while here, don't worry.

<short pause>

I... I know you may leave once you have my trust, and I might be in some trouble then, but to be honest, you're my last chance to escape this torment anyways, I was close to giving up you know.

<response>

I'm not trying to hold my life over you, dummy.
I'm saying, if I felt one more heartbreak- big from you, or small from some random flooz... my heart would be so hurt, I'd just be a shell of scar tissue, and there would be NOTHING to love about me anymore.
Quiet, fearful, anxious beyond all measure... too scared to ask anyone, and if someone found me, scared enough to drive them off... I'd have nothing to look forward to...

<long pause>

My family... always beat me and blamed everything on me,and taught me to do that. I blame all of those breakups on myself, even when I know that's not true- can't be true... but I think, if I torture myself enough, make myself feel the pain, I will push myself to do better next time.

You can believe I'm going to be trying very hard for you, darling. And if it doesn't work, I don't blame you... you can run away at that point, if you want.
Really, I don't want you to feel bad if you don't love me eventually, it's not your fault. Something's wrong with me, and it's not fair to expect anyone to make that go away.. I never wanted that.
Just someone to hold, someone to kiss, someone to start my life with.

But if you love me, if you can see what's inside me is pure, and realize that we are meant for each other- I don't need to go to heaven, darling. I'm already there.

<pause>

You don't need to worry about any of that, darling. Kidnapping is only illegal if you don't consent, if you reappear much later, and agree it was for your own good, we won't be split up like that! We can have each other and be so, so, so, so close and share everything- just like we were on the inside together.

<short pause>

I know you're not there yet, darling, just please... you can give me that chance.
Be my brave little soldier for me.

<pause>

<long kiss>

Ok, my big soldier I guess!
<giggle>
You're such a silly one.

<response>

I love you so much, darling. I adore you- I hope I can be your wife someday!